So in the places list screen I went to output well list of places unsurprisingly.
And for Dad you know one component from React Native.
We can import and that's the flat list flat list of course is perfect for outputting.
Well a list.
So here I will return flat list now.
And I want to get access to my places.
These are stored in a redux so we can.
Or with the help of redux so we can import react redux here or to be precise from that package we import.
Use selector because now in our component we can use that to get access to data stored in redux.
So here I want to get access to my places with the help of use selector.
That's a breeze we pass in that function which receives our redux store our redux state which is stored
in the stored air and there I want to get access to the places slice in here I use places because an
app J.S. I use places as identifier here that takes us to the slice managed with the places reducer
and in that reducer we have another place is key.
So in the end here I want to access state that places or places and with that we know which kind of
data we want to feed into the flat list.
Now again I will also add a key extractor here to tell David flat list where to find a unique idea for
every item and for me that's in the ideas property of every place.
And of course we need to add render item so that we get our item data data and then output a component
for every item which we want to output.
Now for that I'll actually create a brand new component in the components folder and that's the place
item J.S. file now to save some time I attached my place item JS fall to this lecture and you can just
replace yours or the content of yours with mine but I'll of course walk you through what I'm doing in
there.
This is a basic component as we all to build it multiple times throughout this course I just have my
own component here which is able to output a image because we'll need that later which then has a view
with two pieces of text that will sit next to this image.
Thanks to the styling which I applied on data their output the title and the address of that place of
course that's information we don't have yet but will add this throughout this module and we have a touchable
opacity component around this sort of we can press every place and when we do press it we trigger a
function that we expect to get on the on select prop.
Now in my styling here I set this up such dead the image and this text blocks it next to each other
in a row here with Flex direction row the image images then the rounded image.
So it's around image as a circle with a full back background colour in case we have no image yet which
you of course all can change too for example disgraced colour then we have the info container which
is the container holding the two pieces of text which now are organised in a column above each other
and then we have the title which is a little bit bigger than the address and there I actually also want
to use black as a text colour that's the setup I'll use here and that's the place item which we can
now import into the places list screen.
So there we can import place item from components place item and output this year in render items.
So there I want to output place item as a self closing component and now place item this new component
needs some input data we need to pass an on select prop which points at a function that should be executed
when we tap an icon we need to pass on the image prop a title prop and address prop so for props which
need to be provided let's do that here for the image we got no image yet.
So here I'll just pass in null for the moment for the title we can do that of course we can point at
item data dot item dot title because a single item is just the item following our place model and that
of course has a title prop so we can safely access that for the address we don't have that yet so I'll
set this to no.
And 4 on select.
Well we can of course set this there.
I want to go to a new page.
After all so we can do this with an anonymous inline function here or with a named function stored in
a separate constant whatever you want.
I'll do it in line.
And there I can use props navigation dot navigate and go to the place detailed screen with the place
detail identifier which of course in my navigator is this identifier here
and there.
I also want to pass some extra data some param so I'll pass a second argument here to navigate and there
are two pieces of information when I pass.
That's the place title and that of course is item data dot item dot title.
So the exact same thing I'm feeding into the title prop here.
And that's also the place I.D. which is item data dot item dot I.D..
We have that I.D. also already.
So that's already something we're generating when we add a new place with Dad we have a place item which
takes us to the place detailed screen and since we already have some basic skeleton in that screen.
We should be able to see that.
One thing I will add to the place details screen however is my navigation options configuration where
I need that dynamic function which then returns a configuration object because dear I want to set the
header title based on the parents I'm getting because in a place Listerine I'm passing in a place title
and place I.D. parameter to this new screen place title is what I want to extract and set here in my
header.
So there I can set the header title to native nav data dot navigation dot get param place title so that
we have this title in the header and now with that let's give it a try let's save everything and add
a new place a test click safe place we're taken back we're seeing that here if a tap and we go to the
detail screen where we see that in the header that's all to give it a try on Android with a test safeties
click on it and that all works so that's the basic flow for this but one thing we still haven't done
of course is use some native functionality.
So now it's really time that we do that and I want to start with the camera.